MARY JANE: Previously
on Being Mary Jane...
You extorted me for a book store?
You have to believe in something.
EDDIE: I want to
come home with you.
MARY JANE: Well, you ruined it.
We'll see.
I wanna be a better
mother to our boys, John.
And I really, I just think
this is the way to do it.
Now that I'm playing nice,
SNC is paying for a stylist.
Or cars now. All of the perks.
What about your voice?
Are you copping out on me now?
Mommy!
I told you, daddy, she
wasn't gonna miss my practice.
Patrick, you have got
to stay on schedule.
No, I'm getting better.
JESSIE: If you wanna work at
KO Cola, you have to perform.
Patrick couldn't focus.
Look at the man now.
One of our top sellers
in the company.
(KIDS GIGGLING)
HELEN: I don't know.
It's missing something.
It's not quite there yet.
- Give me the oil.
- Okay.
Mm.
Let me try it.
Mm!
Either we bottle it up
and sell it or we eat it.
I think we should eat it.
NIECY: Hold up.
If y'all don't stop running
through this house...
You're still running. I'm not playing.
You, sit down.
Pop a squat right there. Thank you.
MARY JANE: Hey, D'Asia, baby,
why don't you do me a
favor and go ask your dad
when the burgers are gonna be done?
So, it's 12 cases of the wrong product.
The customer's upset with me,
ready to call my Boss to complain.
- Daddy?
- Wait. One second, baby.
But I convince him that this product
is actually better for his customers.
How'd you do that?
I just broke down his
consumers from A to Z.
He's not from here. He don't know.
So, I gave him more of
an insider's perspective.
- Daddy?
- By the time I was finished,
he put in orders for both products.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
That's fantastic. That's fantastic.
Yeah, yeah, that was a good day.
- Daddy?
- Yes, baby, what, what, what?
We're hungry. When are we eating?
Oh, give me some sugar!
(KISSING LOUDLY)
- Okay, food's just about ready.
- Okay.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh... Everybody's hungry.
(CHUCKLING)
Patrick, you really put
your foot in those burgers.
- I think he put his knee in there.
- (BOTH CHUCKLE)
Do we have to talk about knees and feet?
I'm eating here.
Oh, goodness.
Oh, Helen...
(LAUGHING) I'm joking.
Patrick, you put your knees,
feet in everything else
and this food is wonderful.
- Thank you, Mama.
- MARY JANE: Oh!
What is this?
My mother is participating in merriment?
(SIGHS) Oh, Dear Diary,
the day has finally come.
Now, child, you'd better be quiet
or I'll send you to your room.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Niecy, no iPads at the table. Eat.
Auntie, I'm looking for a car.
- What?
- Oh, we're shopping for cars now.
Yeah, how else am I
supposed to get to work?
Okay, honey, I get that you are still
feeling the rush of being a working woman,
but you really need to
start to think about saving.
You've barely been at work but a minute.
Yeah, Pauletta is right.
You really should start
thinking about saving.
- Okay.
- I'll buy the car.
OTHERS: What?
No. No. No.
No, no... Nobody's
buying anybody anything.
Look, Dad, if you're handing
out cars, I'll take one.
(GROANS) You wish.
(OTHERS LAUGHING)
Dad, you... You should
not offer to buy her a car.
You're on a fixed income.
It's just one more
expense you don't need.
Says the woman who just
bought the $100,000 whip.
- What?
- OTHERS: Oh...
MARY JANE: Oh... Okay,
well, first of all,
I look good in it.
HELEN: Yeah, you do.
MARY JANE: You've all seen me.
- I look good in it.
- You look all right.
Second of all, I can afford it.
Oh... Uh, no, no, no,
no, oohs and ahs? Okay.
Now if you guys handled your
finances a little bit better,
you too could afford
the finer things in life.
Oh, listen to Suze Orman.
And all of a sudden, too.
I'm not Suze Orman,
but I did read her book
and she's got a lot of great ideas.
- And I'm sure we're about to hear them.
- Yes, you are.
Since now you and Niecy both have jobs,
we can finally start applying
some of Suze's principles.
Hmm.
She's rich and White,
so you know it works.
Oh, ho, ho.
So, in her book,
Suze talks about this woman who
built her family's wealth, right?
So, using our family as an example,
let's say Niecy needed
to borrow money, right?
But she didn't pay it back.
So, the next person who
needs to borrow money,
like say, Patrick,
let's keep it realistic,
- has to go to Niecy to ask for the money.
- Oh!
What? Borrow money from Niecy?
- NIECY: Um...
- MARY JANE: Yeah, yeah.
You see how that's sort of
promoting communal accountability?
- Hmm. Hmm.
- Right, right?
NIECY: Whatever.
I just want a car. That's it.
No, no, no, no, Niecy. See,
that's a short-term goal.
That's just a short-term
goal. See? Okay.
As a matter of fact, I say we
have a family homework assignment.
Okay, right,
where we come up with a
mission statement as a family
and we brainstorm ideas of
financial security and...
And then we come up
with like a family pot
that we can use in times
of trouble or crisis
so it, you know, doesn't
fall on me, right?
Again, it's... It's like, um,
really just preaching communal
accountability, right, as a family.
That's why y'all don't have nice things.
I'm making good money now, so,
I've been looking at some places.
Really?
(CHUCKLING) What are you
thinking, uh, a house?
Nah, nah, nah, I'm not
ready for all that yet.
But, hey, you never know.
With Letta putting
us on those budgets...
- (LAUGHS)
- a house could be around the corner.
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
Yeah. Yeah.
You're gonna have all of this back.
You're on your way, son.
(SIGHING)
Man, it feels good.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey!
LECTURER: A show of hands.
How many of you read the newspapers?
Uh, I think that online sites
are just way more convenient.
I mean, it goes straight to your phone.
But what about television?
Any of you still have time to watch TV?
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
(LAUGHS) Okay. Okay.
So, who do you trust more,
broadcast or cable news outlets?
Gosh, you know, the
majority of TV reporters,
they're just a part
of the establishment,
you know, more concerned with being
personalities than journalists, right?
- (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
- Okay, that's fair.
So, where do the rest of you fall?
Do you see them as
serious journalists or...
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
LECTURER: No? No?
Kinda? Sorta?
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
Okay, yeah, no offense,
but they even got you.
Checking more for you than
for the stories that matter.
♪ Some will try to shake you
♪ And some will
try to break you
♪ Just know that
I'll be waitin'
♪ While you quit
chasin' new faces
♪ Everywhere you go
♪ Just know that you're a star
♪ Know that you're a star ♪
In today's industry,
establishing your brand is key.
Oh, by the way, I'm selling t-shirts
with my face on it after class.
(STUDENTS LAUGHING)
But, no... Everybody, no.
Seriously, though, how many of
you guys were paying attention
to Don Lemon before he started
injecting himself into the news?
Hold on. That's not news.
That's sensationalism.
You do realize that
we're in a TMZ era, right?
Oh, come on. I don't watch that garbage.
(STUDENTS LAUGHING)
Okay, maybe you don't.
But millions and millions of people do.
That's... That's the facts.
That's what we're dealing with.
People say they want, you know,
in-depth,
well-researched reports,
but all they really
look at are headlines,
sound bites.
That's... That's...
That's what... That's
what we're up against.
That's what the news is up against.
Yeah, so you willingly sold out.
I didn't sell out.
I bought in.
Mmm-hmm.
Okay, how many of you guys were familiar
with my story before I got to SNC?
Wow, that many. Thanks.
Ego crushing.
Were you familiar with
my story before SNC?
WOMAN: Okay... Actually, I was.
You know, the first
time I heard about you
was when you got fired from CNN.
Oh! Ouch!
(STUDENTS LAUGHING)
Thank you for reminding
me of that painful memory.
Uh, okay.
So, you're saying you
weren't aware of me
until I got fired.
WOMAN: Does it matter?
Actually, it does,
because it proves my point.
Without bad news, I don't exist.
Drama sells.
People's mistakes, and
indiscretions and... And...
And rumors, gossip,
that's way more important
than real issues and the truth.
That's why everyone in this classroom
is obsessed with blogs and tabloids,
because that's what
we've been conditioned
to think is important.
That's the current
climate of this industry.
Wait, so how'd you get around that?
Branding.
You've gotta figure out what appeals
to the viewer, right?
This is precisely why Kim
Kardashian has a voice.
- (STUDENTS LAUGHING)
- That's why North West
has a bigger voice than the President.
No, the Kim K. Analogy
- doesn't apply to you.
- Why not?
Because when you gave up TalkBACK for
Prime Time to brand yourself,
you lost your voice.
I mean, seeing your Black face up there
validates these bandwagon stories
and contributes to a culture of
fear-based news and, honestly,
it makes the problem even worse.
You sold out.
That's why we don't trust you.
♪ You're broken down
♪ And you're tired
♪ Of living life
♪ On a merry-go-round
♪ And you can't
find the fighter
♪ But I see it in you
♪ So we're gonna... ♪
- WOMAN: Dr. Madhubuti?
- DR. MADHUBUTI: Yes?
WOMAN: Thank you.
Thank you for being you, for the work
that you do, for caring about us.
Wow, where do I begin?
Um, I read your book.
I see what you're saying,
that society just
turns on our sons.
I mean, one minute, he's this
cute little boy and everybody...
I mean White, stopped me just to tell
me how cute and adorable my son is.
But, now...
Now it's like,
you know, they're not quite
grabbing their purses yet,
but they just don't
smile at him anymore.
They look at him like
he's going to do something.
You know, you can literally see them
turning on him, making him a criminal,
like they're so scared of him,
but I'm the one who's scared.
You see, my son is only ten
and, to them, he's already
becoming public enemy number one.
Help!
What do I do?
Like if there's one thing I can master
that can help him, what is it?
How do I protect my son?
Part of the answer is
how do we protect him?
We have to understand that we live
in a highly White supremacist society.
White people do not have
to think about being White.
Being White is accepted, privileged.
But being Black is not
the opposite of White.
Being Black, we have our own definition.
And we did not come here first
class on American Airlines.
There's a whole history there.
So, what your son needs, and what
you need, and what we all need,
is an understanding
of that relationship.
And then within the context
of that, build a culture,
a positive culture that will
allow us to continue to grow
and to develop.
So, it requires in many
cases, changes from all of us,
men and women.
But the key point is, that now,
we're on a mission to make
sure that he's loved and secure
and he's on a learning
path toward tomorrow.
You know, Dr. Madhubuti, I've
been chewing on a thought.
I think that we, as a Black
community, need to start using
the word "boy" for our boys.
Because of our history
as slaves in this country,
I know that a lot of people do not
like to address their boys as "boys."
They, instead, want to say little man,
but they're not little men.
I mean, they're children...
See? Even I can't say it.
They're boys and girls and we
should at least see them as such.
It's like we need a marketing campaign
to give them back their childhood.
That's true and the marketing
campaign starts with us.
It starts with you. It starts
with your extended family,
your biological family also.
The boy, himself,
must understand that
he's not only a boy,
but whatever his name is,
it must be his name, too.
And we all have to
address him by his name.
But because he's so young,
he does not understand
the larger picture.
And, so, the larger
picture starts in the home.
What do you have in your home?
What kind of images do
you have on your wall?
What kind of books are you reading?
What kind of music are you listening to?
What's on the walls
in his room, you see?
So we have to kind of
bring the culture to him
and make sure there are very few
contradictions in that culture,
which requires us to
study, study, study.
CECE: So, you've never
even heard of his work?
No, of course, I was
familiar with his work.
I just hadn't read all of his books yet.
That's because of all that White
schooling you've been getting.
Oh, here we go.
You know, when the White
man wants to control you,
he's not gonna give you the
tools to control yourself.
If you want any of his books,
you should get that one,
BLACK MEN: Obsolete,
Single, and Dangerous.
It might help you raise your nephew.
You know I'm only here to give
you your last payment, right?
You don't seem too happy about it.
- Do you think I'm a sell out?
- Oh!
(LAUGHS) One thing at a time.
I was sitting in a class,
a journalism class at Clark, right,
and come to find out
most of the students think I'm
more concerned with being famous
than reporting the news.
Yeah. They're right.
You prefer things and not value,
especially not doing anything
for anybody besides yourself.
No, but I do the news,
and I try to cover stories
that actually make a difference,
especially to our community,
and you see what happens.
- Well, I thought it worked.
- No, they don't.
Black episodes, those
are my lowest rated.
Not to mention the constant
battles and the fights.
At some point, you just get tired.
So, when they offered me
a promotion, it felt good.
Well, if it's so good, then
why are you so defensive?
Mary Jane, what do you want?
Financial freedom.
You got that, so stop whining.
No, I don't, actually.
So, what are you doing with your money?
Bills and family, extortion.
Look, don't start pointing fingers
because I'm trying to help you out.
This is my life?
I mean, seriously, is
this gonna be my life?
One obstacle after another?
Just... My life.
Mary Jane, I think you're
just missing the freedom
you had when you were doing TalkBACK
and just don't know
how to get back there.
In a weird way, I think
maybe you're right.
Well, what's weird about that?
Because it's less money
and it's less billboards.
I'm sure you want your money.
There you go.
Oh, the last payment.
It feels thinner than the last time.
- It's all there.
- Okay.
Well, well, now...
(CHUCKLES) Should we hug it out?
- It's over.
- No.
(LAUGHS) Okay.
No. I'll take these,
you know, for the low,
low price of $25,000.
But congratulations on your bookstore.
Good luck. It's much needed.
All right.
You know something? I
think you're gonna miss me.
I'm looking forward to finding out.
Yeah.
With your bad self.
And while the local
shelter has not yet said
whether the animal will
be put up for adoption,
there is already a Facebook account
set up for interested families.
The dog worked its way
into many American hearts
after we first reported the
story of this unlikely hero.
Something tells me that
with credits like that,
he won't have any trouble
finding a loving home now.
Thank you for watching. I
hope to see you tomorrow.
For SNC, I'm Mary Jane Paul.
Goodnight.
WOMAN: (OVER SPEAKER) This is
a ten-minute guided meditation
to take you into a
transcendent state.
- Breathe in...
- (INHALES)
- and out.
- (EXHALES)
I invite you, at this moment,
to take slow breaths in,
deep breaths out.
Breathe in all that
is positive and light.
Breathe out all that is not.
(MESSAGE TONE BEEPS)
(CLASSIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Well, hello, there.
Hi.
Come on in.
Make yourself at home.
- This is for you.
- Oh. Thank you.
You can make a right.
So, hang on, you ran
a police report on me.
Well, yeah. I can't just have
any and everybody in my house.
Or is this a casualty
of dating a journalist?
I was actually an
investigative journalist,
- so I guess, old habits die hard.
- (SIGHS)
What happened?
Monica Lewinsky happened
and Bill Clinton's cigar sort of just
shifted the focus of
what made front page news.
- (LAUGHS)
- Are you hungry?
Sure. Nice place you have.
Thanks.
Those are rapid home tests.
Um...
One requires urine and a few
are just, you know, swabs,
and a couple are just pricks.
- That's extreme, no?
- I think what we're doing is extreme, don't you think?
Do you do this with...
Every guy? Absolutely.
Especially now that the
home tests are available.
In college, this was fun.
We would go to the Planned Parenthood.
(WHISPERING) Very romantic.
You know, I... I use condoms.
What's the point of putting
a clean condom on a dirty...
I know. Okay. I get it. I get it.
(SIGHS) Okay. Uh...
(SIGHS) Why not?
I mean, I'm taking the tests,
too, so, you know, as we both
wait to pass with flying colors,
we can nibble on those.
They're the appetizer
before the main feast.
The citrus is for you.
(LAUGHS)
♪ This ain't love
until we say it's done
♪ It's your life, go ahead
♪ Do what you choose
♪ Put me in your
♪ Your favorite mood
♪ Oh baby
♪ Don't kill the vibe
♪ Turn it down,
we gotta let it ride
♪ I found you
♪ Crowned you, I turned you on
♪ So you know, I
got what you want
♪ 'Cause anyone can take
it with you when you go
♪ It's only right
to make it beautiful
♪ Let's be undeniable
♪ If you wanna live
it better, live it
♪ Make tonight unforgettable
♪ And we won't stop rockin'
till they call the Cops
♪ Don't kill the fun
♪ I can't
♪ I won't
♪ Let's be undeniable
♪ And we won't stop rockin'
till they call the Cops
♪ Oh baby
♪ Don't kill the fun
♪ We can only
chase it if we run
♪ Body to body
♪ It's all for free
♪ Now come
get this I-o-v-e
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 'Cause anyone can take
it with you when you go
♪ It's only right
to make it beautiful
♪ Yeah
♪ Let's be undeniable
♪ If you wanna live
it better, live it
♪ Make tonight unforgettable
♪ Oh yeah oh yeah
♪ And we won't stop rockin'
till they call the Cops
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ Don't kill the fun
♪ I can't
♪ I won't
♪ Let's be undeniable
♪ And we won't stop rockin'
till they call the Cops
♪ Lay down
♪ No over thinking
♪ Get it though
♪ This picture we paintin'
♪ Till 3:00 in the mornin'
♪ 3:00 in the mornin'
♪ All night we on ♪
KARA: Stop! Wait a minute.
No. You... You are lying.
I only have a few minutes before my
training and I've gotta hear this.
You are telling me that you have never
ever, ever, ever, been with a White boy?
- Never. Ever.
- Seriously?
- Oh, my God.
- Uh-uh.
Wow. (LAUGHS)
Okay, all right, all right. Well...
Well, what did you think?
It was pink.
- Really?
- Mmm-hm. Unusually pink.
I guess I haven't been with
that many of them, but okay.
Well, have you ever seen like a
picture of one or a movie or something?
Yes, like, you know, pictures.
Like National Geographic.
But, no, not like live-action
White penis movement, no.
I don't even watch White porn.
Mmm-hmm, so Black porn
is bigger and better, huh?
Lexington Steele, that's all
I'm gonna say. Google him.
- You are so racist.
- I'm not racist.
I just discriminate based on my personal
preference, not hatred, thank you.
Mmm-hmm.
Well, did the boy have a little
something goin' on down there or what?
Like did he have like a package?
He... He was cool, you know what I mean?
He wasn't the biggest,
but he... He definitely
exceeded my stereotypical expectations.
- Oh. Nice.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Yeah.
- Okay. Okay.
- One stereotype that was true...
- Mmm-hmm?
They do love to chomp the box
- and you should have told me.
- Yes, they do.
That's a good thing. (LAUGHS)
I know!
(RUNNING FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
- I thought I was done with you.
- You are.
But you were on my mind, so,
I needed to come and get
some things off my chest.
- I tried calling.
- I changed my number.
I know that, which is why I'm here.
Look, I gave you some bad advice
and I simply came to offer you a
different, more reflective thought.
Okay, what's that, Cece?
Don't tear down to build.
Look, I don't do riddles.
Come on, help me out.
Don't go back to TalkBACK for
less money for your people.
We don't need to tear down to build.
Keep Prime Time,
do their news, but ask them for TalkBACK
and do that show in a way you want.
Ask for both.
We need you on Prime Time
because that's progress,
and our babies need to see
winners in all walks of life,
even if they are screwin' White boys.
How long have you been
sitting outside my house?
I just was trying to catch
you before you went to work.
I'd hate to see you do something
stupid on account of me.
Hey, that's all I wanted,
a clear conscience.
Oh, I got some kids' authors
coming by the store for story time,
if you want to bring your
little nephew and nieces.
Don't come back, Cece.
I'm serious. I'll call the Cops.
(ENGINE STARTS)
NISCHELLE: You played a significant role
in President Clinton's election,
along with 83 percent of
Black voters who voted for him.
Some people even touted him
as the first Black President.
- (LAUGHS) Yes.
- Now,
can we put this debate
to bed once and for all?
Donna Brazile, who was
the first Black President?
The novelist Toni
Morrison, suggested that
Bill Clinton was the
first Black President
because of the way he was being treated,
being persecuted by his opponents.
But eight years later,
the distinction went to Barack Obama.
He is America's first Black President.
MARY JANE: I want the show back.
(LAUGHING) Okay, you know,
you remind me of my wife
and why I both want to divorce her
and stay intrigued by her.
And I think it should be an entire
hour of the interview format.
Kara revamped Mark's show.
It'll just look like SNC is
revamping the whole three hour block.
You know, I only bring this up because,
whether or not you agree,
the fact is there are a lot
of Black voters out there
who believe Hillary and
Bill threw Black people
under the bus during her 2008
Primary battle against Obama,
and a significant
moment in that campaign,
and might I add, one that
a lot of African-Americans
have never forgiven her for,
was when she referred to
Obama's declining support among
"hard working Americans,
White Americans"
and all of the insinuations
that that statement implies.
So now here we are, eight years later,
and she needs and wants our vote again.
So, what does she need
to do to get it back?
Well, first of all, Hillary
Clinton cannot inherit this vote.
She has to earn the support of
African-American voters and others.
The votes that Barak Obama
achieved in 2008 and 2012,
they're not transferrable.
Hillary Clinton will
have to go out there
and earn the support of every voter.
And let me just say this,
Hillary Clinton understands that it takes
more than a village to win a campaign.
It takes a coalition
and the coalition that
Barak Obama assembled,
that's the coalition she's
gonna have to fight for.
GREG: Why?
Because I'll do a better job.
Oh.
And given the current climate of
America, we could use that time
to explore the news through that prism.
I mean, not to mention
the African-American
audience's ratings gold, honey.
It's a demographic we
could easily exploit,
especially when we tackle the
hot button, emotional stuff.
I got a bunch of empty
boxes from work today.
So the packing party can begin.
Can we start tonight?
No, I'll get us started.
You have school in the morning.
You're gonna start tonight?
Yeah, may as well.
You're a ball of energy lately.
(CHUCKLES) I have things to do.
I'm gonna have my own room.
- TRACY: That's nice.
- (GIGGLES)
Daddy said we can paint my room purple.
No, I said we'll see.
A purple room would be pretty cool.
Um... Um...
- Please? Please?
- Nah... Um...
- One wall, that's it.
- Yay!
(CHUCKLES)
What are you still doing here this late?
Working on a little
something-something.
Okay, what are you up to now?
I asked Greg for TalkBACK back.
- What?
- Yeah, I mean, I wanted to make sure it was
you know, a hundred percent and
I'd worked out all the kinks before,
you know, presented it to you.
But...
Greg, he sent me an email
saying he loved the idea and he was
gonna run it by all the mucky-mucks.
Whoa, whoa, wait a
minute, wait a minute.
You're not talking about
quitting Prime Time, right?
No, no, hell, no.
- Okay.
- You don't tear down to build.
What?
I just miss doing all my TalkBACK stuff
and with everything that's
going on in our country,
I mean, imagine if we
had an hour-long show,
you know, in the vein of how I
produced the Ugly Black Woman panel,
but for Ferguson, or for Tamir Rice
or for Eric Garner
or for Walter Scott...
- Okay, I get it. I got you.
- For Buddy Ray...
- I got it.
- We can change the game, baby.
Mary Jane, okay, wait a minute.
No, no, and I... I know
where you're headed.
I want to include Latino
issues, as well, and...
And women's issues,
especially since we're bound to
have our first female President.
Okay, mama, stop, stop, stop.
Okay.
First of all,
I think it's great you want to do this.
I really do, okay?
But...
You keep saying "we," Mary Jane,
and I...
I can't do this show
with you, honey, I can't.
I... I've got Prime Time.
I have to revamp Mark's show.
I cannot possibly take on another
show and still be a mom to my kids.
You just drop Mark's
show and come to us.
Mary Jane, they reduced
the budget on TalkBACK.
Even if I could,
the producer fee is not
enough to make me go back.
Besides,
I love where we are right
now, I do, I love it.
I love our friendship. It's great.
I'm so freaking tired
of fighting on TalkBACK.
You know what?
You should produce this show.
- I can't do this show without you.
- Yes, you can.
No, I can't. I don't like...
I don't like anyone, okay?
I only trust you, Kara.
- That's it.
- I know. I know.
I know, baby, but listen to me.
It's time that you start
to trust yourself, okay?
Now you take the budget from TalkBACK
and you go and you find some
new fresh idea people, you know?
People with no life, no kids.
Somebody who can be with you 24/7.
I hear you. Hear me out.
Don't you think that producing this kind
of show will get you closer to your dreams?
- I mean, don't forget about you here.
- (SIGHS)
You've got hopes. You've got dreams.
I know, but listen, I...
My dreams are on hold for right now
because, you know, I just...
My thing is I want to come to
work, I want to make my money,
and I wanna... I wanna do a good
job here and get back in time
so that I can help raise my sons.
Okay.
What about Marisol?
She doesn't have any kids. I'm
sure she doesn't have a life.
I could let her co-host every so often.
- This'll be a great way to break her in.
- (SCOFFS)
She's already broken in. Trust me.
Do I detect a little shade?
No, no, I'm just saying
that she is not a host
or a co-host, okay?
She is not Mary Jane Paul.
There's only one Mary Jane
Paul, baby, and that's it.
Which is why I know I will succeed
in getting you to come back.
(LAUGHING) Yeah.
Bye, Felicia!
Hasta luego. Buenas noches.
- Come on back.
- I love you and I'm outta here.
- Adios.
You know you're comin' back.
Bye!
So...
I'm getting out of the half-way house.
Well, that's great.
I wanted to tell you first.
Yeah.
You said as soon as I was clean,
we'd get back together again.
I had fun putting her to bed.
She was so happy with
that family dinner.
(SIGHS) Tracy...
We'll co-parent, but... (SIGHS)
We're not getting back together.
You just want to co-parent?
TRACY: I got it.
You got yourself together.
Now you don't wanna help me.
It's not about that. I'll help
you get a job, give you money.
I want you to do well. I just...
Just not with you?
After all I've done for you?
I stuck by you when
you didn't have a job.
I believed in you when everyone,
including your uppity-ass
family doubted you
and I loved you even when
you didn't love yourself.
This is...
This is how you treat me?
You know what?
You need to stop.
I never promised you anything.
You told me you loved me.
Because I do.
You had my child.
Don't play me.
You keep lying to yourself.
We had sex and had a baby.
You mistook a nice guy who cares
for you for happily-ever-after.
This ain't new. I've
told you this before,
but you don't wanna hear me.
You want me to be
that guy that left you,
when I'm just hoping that we can
just try and raise our daughter.
Can we do that?
Can we just try and do right by
her? Please, I'm just... (SIGHS)
I'm not gon' leave you hanging. I'm...
Tracy, I'll help you get back on your...
(DOOR SLAMS)
(SIGHS)
Oh, are you beating me to work now?
Well, somebody said I
could produce my own show.
Well, okay, okay, girlfriend.
- Excuse me.
- (BOTH LAUGHING)
(PHONE CHIMES)
- Oh.
- What?
Oh, my goodness, Well,
somebody is sprung.
- Okay.
- (BOTH LAUGHING)
WOMAN: There's a woman here to see you.
She says she's
your sister-in-law.
Okay.
Okay. Bye.
MARY JANE: Why are you here?
It's important.
I need to talk to you about Patrick.
What about him?
Your brother is on drugs again.
If you wasted your bus fare
to come all the way up here
- to tell me that, you're stupid.
- So, you don't believe me.
No, I don't believe you, Tracy.
You know, I actually
see my brother and I...
- I see that he's doing great.
- You don't think I can see the signs?
We're both addicts. I
know all of his tricks.
I even taught him some.
I wouldn't brag about that.
I am not proud of my past, but
I'm telling you he's using again.
His eyes are all glossy.
All of a sudden, he has
extra energy to burn,
and his mood is
happy-go-lucky.
When is Patrick ever that?
Have you talked to Patrick about this?
He won't open up to me, not anymore.
I... I... I didn't want to come to you,
but the truth is you're probably
the only person he'll talk to.
It's a little peculiar, don't you think?
I mean, why wouldn't he tell you?
I mean, you... You guys have
been through so much together.
I mean, you've seen him at his lowest.
Hell, you taught him all
those valuable tricks.
This isn't about me.
This is about Patrick.
Don't you want to help him?
Of course, I want to help him.
Do you have proof that he's using again?
Have you... Have you
actually seen him doing drugs?
I don't need proof. I know the signs.
And I know my brother!
And the next time you
bring your ass up to my job
making wild accusation, I
will have your ass arrested.
Get out.
- You are such a bitch.
- Thanks.
PATRICK: I can't believe
she came to your job.
I'll talk to her.
No, you don't have to. I was just
trying to make sure you were okay.
She was saying some pretty crazy stuff.
- Like what?
- You're on drugs.
(SCOFFS) She's just pissed
that I don't wanna be with her.
That's a hell of a
way to get back at you.
Yeah, that's just Tracy.
Well, I kicked her ass out of my office.
- What?
- Yeah.
Oh, you cold, Letta.
No, I was just trying to have your back
and she just kept insisting
that she was right.
You're not on drugs, are you, Patrick?
No, I'm not on drugs.
Okay.
I mean, you know, I'm taking a little
something to help me focus, but...
A little something,
like a prescription drug?
Yeah, it's prescription,
but it's not my prescription.
Oh, Jesus, Patrick.
Now don't get all worked up.
I mean, it's far from coke.
I swear, I'll never do that again.
You also swore you'd never do any drug.
But you broke that promise.
(SIGHS)
You set me up.
No, Patrick, we just wanted to...
- I don't believe this.
- No, we don't believe it.
When will you stop?
HELEN: You've come so far.
Why would you do this?
It's not a street drug, Ma. It's not...
It's a drug, Patrick.
(SIGHS)
Like I said before, it helps
me focus. I'm excelling at work.
I don't give a damn about your job.
Oh, I'm so tired of this.
You're tired?
No, no, no, we're the
ones that are tired.
Tired of going around
in circles with you,
and you keep doing the same damn stuff!
And your sick mother
here is worried about you.
Are you going to stop?
Sure.
How can we believe anything you say?
The lies spill out of your mouth
is just as easy as the truth.
So I'm a liar now?
Until you get yourself together,
- we're keeping D'Asia.
- What?
We're not gonna let you and
Tracy ruin that little girl.
You're not takin' D'Asia!
Ma, I'm not on coke!
Okay, everybody just calm down.
Ain't nobody takin' my
daughter. Where is she?
- She's safe.
- And she's gonna stay safe
and you better get your
ass back into rehab.
- I'm not on drugs!
- Yes, you are!
We've given you the last 15 years!
And we've drained our
bank account for you.
Patrick, your father put his
neck out to get that job for you
but we just can't do
anything more to help you.
Mama... I love you.
But you're not taking my daughter.
I'll scorch the Earth before...
Well, you're gonna have
to scorch it with me.
I'm sick and tired of you
grown-ass adults sucking up
all the air when you should be
keeping your eyes on these babies!
(SIGHS) Dad...
No.
I've had it.
- Get your ass out of here and get your life together.
- HELEN: Oh!
(SCOFFS)
(SIGHS)
I guess you'll always
see me as a junkie, huh?
No, that's on you.
No, that's on you!
You love kickin' me, don't you?
Patrick, wait a second!
No, let him go! Let him go!
HELEN: Paul?
(DOOR CLOSES)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org